{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to Hands Herd! Our mission here is to take in all the stats and games from receivers at the collegiate level and above. Our platform is designed to track your favorite receiver as well as elevate your game to the next level!\
Hello, my name is Momin Jafri, a collegiate Division I football player at the University of Washington (soon-to-be). I fell in love with the game of football when I was 9 years old, being an all-pro at flag recess flag football. All my life I have been told no when it came to pursuing my dream of being an NFL receiver. I wasn\'92t gifted, I wasn\'92t athletic, I didn\'92t belong on the field. I\'92ve heard it all. I founded HandsHerd to help those in pursuit of the same dream as mine. Whether you are gifted or not, you can always improve your game. My programs are versatile in strength and agility training. As someone who couldn\'92t even run a sub five-second forty or touch rim a couple years ago, I have formed the most effective 12-week offseason workout that took me from being a high school benchwarmer to a Division I receiver. Join the Herd to prove your doubters wrong!\
\
:\
-Finish general layout of pages\
-add loading page\
-fix password problem\
-finishing touches\
-upload}